First of all, Stop this fucking lies!
The scene needs to stop listening to the lying retards that tries to get into the scene.

The information you have seen in "Truth.about.Conceal.DELUSER.HIM.NFo-Oldschool" is 95% false!

To start somewhere..the conversation between blackkatt/Sonica/Conceal and xxx (Quim) is made up it didn't even play out like that!
and just a little info on this guy Quim..he hangs out on both DC and various Torrent sites his not to be trusted!
Not long ago he asked Sonica/Conceal whatever, if he wanted access to a big Torrent site. Sonica declined.

As for the upcoming jabbering about Sonica tries to hide himself you can go fuck urselfs his not in anyway!
The P2P and all that it stands for is longer something Sonica take pride in it's long gone!  

This morron Quim have been talking to Blackkatt from time to time on msn and the last thing they talked about was that Quim wanted in in the
new started site ring Blackstreet.. He was denied!! 

And jumping on to another real important thing! this users had absolutely no knowledge that there were OLD dc users among them.
Thease users are RAFFA, pipi, Uber and many others not "exposed" in this idiotic scene notice. And where are all the outher users? where they 
friends of yours so it diden't please you to include them? 

And we will let you in on a little secret, 80% or more on the scene today have started there carrier on the p2p network and worked there way up.
So wakeup and smell the coffee everybody has to start somewhere. Many of this former DC users you have "exposed" are no longer on the p2p network (DC)
and they have nothing to do with it anymore! 

And another thing just to make this clear. immense was not the new started paradise! you guy's need to get some real info one's in a while.
and last out..the irc "printscreens" are fake aswell... Why all the lies? and _TYP0 we know that u had something to do with this aswell, ur going down baby..

I quote: 

"The moron Sonica (that one we know from the paradise expose) founded a new ring called blackstreet and later renamed it to flawless (Corrected it for you)"
     
- and as you bring flawless up, let me tell you why that channel (site ring) came up. It was our attempt to start over with non DC associated users. 
- But it diden't work so Sonica/Conceal made the call to shutdown. And we did long before your stupid scene notice came out! 


Don't think that we don't know who you are! we do know, and we will brake you down piece by piece!


yeah, who's the moron? the guy's that can't manage to get Sonica banned!? or the one's unable to get the fact straigt?

/Truth 























