Have fun beleiving what you want to beleive.   Funny how your whistle changes when I throw a log on the fire eh?

What happened to pretending to not know what I was talking about? lmao

Pictures of users wont do basically anything. What they gonna do make wanted posters worldwide with a picture and a torrent alias? lmao  gimme a break.

Not sure what information your gloating about having. What are you gonna do expose FuZe and other groups I posted information about?? You know kinda the ordeal you did with the topsite you pred from in the NFO you released yesterday and said I did....  (NDT information).  I never even heard about that site prior to the nfo you released. Dude how the hell can you think Im currently being hated? LMAO   Theres been alot of P2P users who are quite litterally laughing their asses off that CanalStreet has been exposed. Ive gotten countless pms asking for more information about you ASSCLOWNS from p2p and sceners alike.  I dont know who your trying to fool here with that comment.   Dude seriously... do you and your verizon Fios a little good. Lie low for a few weeks and this will all be over.

If you are desperately wanting me to not pre the information I have about you guys....   I seriously will not release it if you pre a notice with real facts...
state every release you stole from p2p, state that the groups CanalStreet, Camera, and Rustlers are p2p stealing asswipes, state that you (mooby,boothead) litterally got owned by a p2p user, appologize to the NDT siteops/sceners affiled with that site... for stupidly plastering their topsites information in the nfo you created trying to frame me.

As you already know from our past conversation on irc a few weeks ago. I had no intention of revealing your information to the scene/p2p. Not sure why you think it was me who pred that nfo about you guys yesterday... cause it wasnt me.
If I was gonna pre such information I would have done so several weeks/months ago. I also would have already banned you from this site.

Look forward to hearing from you again in a few mins.
Have a nice day
Sincerely,
MM