http://gosig.no-ip.com/prdsnfos/ <-- what we are talking about.


You who worry about the authorities, I suggest that you calm down.


1. All that the pictures and txt-documents shows is that you were in a hub, 
which definitely isn't a crime and will never be so.


Okay, that was short, so lets play with our imagination and lets say they present 
pictures and logs where they show what you shared and when they downloaded it from you.


2. The only thing that could exist is screenshots and .txt-documents. These 
are not more worth in a trial (or for the police) today, than 3 years ago, (when the anti-piracy 
bureau spammed such things) – do you remember how many that was charge for the 
crime based on that? I give you a hint: zero.

3. For anything to happen a warrant is required, and for a such to occur strong 
evidence is required, neither a screenshot nor a txt-document is that.

4. One thing you also should think about; they who were convicted for have shared 
copyrighted material earlier this year, they got judged for sharing one movie on 
Direct Connect - you think that they only had one movie in their share? Of course 
not, but they wasn’t charge for the other movies, why? Because when they get a warrant, 
they don’t just search for “anything that can be illegal", they search for a specific 
thing, ex a specific file, and they need hard evidence to get the order of searching 
for it, not just a screenshot or txt-file. It cost very much to do such thing and it’s 
very insulting to a citizen, so really, really hard evidence.

5. Several other persons were attacked in such a way by the scene before, neither of 
them got into trouble with the law.

But just for fun, let’s say you were charge for the crime of "sharing a movie".

6. An IP can't certainly be tied to a customer.

7. If you don't confess, it's impossible for them to prove anything because of these matters.


Conclusion: There is no strong proof of that you should have sent a particular movie, 
game etc to anyone (witch is the only crime you can be charge for in this matter, if 
you now did so), it's very hard to prove that some one have done such crime. And a 
couple of txt-docs and pictures won’t do it. It will only get scene-ppl banned from the sites, nothing more.

So relax!


And, you also have to see why the scene is doing this.

You have to think about one thing. If the material that comes from the scene didn’t leave 
the scene, then the scene wouldn’t be that big of a target for the law. Even if the p2p don’t mean 
no harm when they copy things from the scene, as the scene don’t mean any harm when they copy the 
Terminator 3 DVD and spread across sites. But when the releases comes out to the p2p-ppl it means that many people 
will get the releases. That brings a lot of attention to the scene, unwanted attention. Beacuse the scene are the source,
it's the scene that will be the biggest target in the hunt after "file-sharers". 

If a drug dealer sold pot to a small group of ppl and no one outside the group got hold of it, the dealer 
wouldn't get that much attention. But if people from the group started to sell to folks out-side the group, 
the "drug-problem" would get larger and the dealer would be a bigger menace to the anti-drug ppl. And all eyes 
on the dealer and he gets send to prison.

Fairlights leader got 2 years in prison and the rest is hunted like witches now. 

That's presumably why antip2p are doing what they do, but not to be to partial, we can guess that it's also because 
the scene isn’t what it use to be, especially not when a p2p-network get stuff quicker then most sites on the scene, 
antip2p maybe want it back to the speciell thing it was before.

The scene is getting much heat now, and they want to cool of. No one will win at the p2p-ppl starting to do
the same thing against the scene, it will only make the whole thing worse.


Just relax and wait intill it cools down - only waste of your energy to be mad.


//B.